morning a friend colleague and Son
people gather for the funeral of Al
jazer cameraman Sam Abu his press helmet
for a
[Music]
headstone among them Al jaaz gazab Chief
while D injured in the same Israeli
drone strike he left hospital to promise
samur that his work would go
on we are carrying this human message we
are carrying this Noble message we will
continue to do our duty with the best
professionalism and
transparency his mother there too
lamenting a meal M on her son's last
day he came to me on Thursday morning I
Was preparing breakfast but he said he
would have breakfast with his colleagues
but he didn't eat with them and he died
without having food
his death is killing me he died hungry
without
food Sam was hit twice while reporting
on the destruction of a school in the
center of hanun help did not arrive for
5 hours Rescuers needed approval from
Israel forces to bulldozer through the
debris to get to him by which time he
had it bled to
death a father of four whose the
children had moved to the safety Belgium
sammer had only seen them once in the
past 6 years described as always a
smiling by his colleagues he had carried
on working despite the grueling
conditions God bless you God bless all
the journalists a big salute to all my
colleagues we are all tired I know I
sleep only 3 hours a day 3 hours in such
freezing weather at
night the Palestinian journalist
Syndicate said 90 journalists have been
been killed by Israeli air strikes in
Gaza since the start of the war but
silencing journalist in Gaza is nothing
new what we have is a documented long
pattern of Israeli forces targeting
killing wounding intimidating
journalists and not being punished for
it for there being no accountability
it's not only journalists who become a
Target many family members of Al jazer
staff have also been killed by Israeli
air strikes hanim Mahmud Naser Hospital
in Khan unun Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer